When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A. It is possible that i may want to access my files when i dont have my own computer/laptop with me
   in such cases if there is another system available with internet connection i can still access my files
   since, i have also stored all of my files on a remote repository.
   also, if one day my system totally crashes and i can't use it, at such times having my files stored on a 
   remote repository along with a local repository will be of great advantage.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A. Although i don't have a clear idea about why pulling changes manually would help me but i think since there may be many other people who might
   have made changes to the file on remote. syncing those changes automatically with the loacl repository is not desired for tis purpose 
   i may prefer pulling changes manually.
   
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A. forks - it is a cloning of repository or in simple words copying of repository on github itself.
           we can fork a repository of somone else to our account by forking that repository.
           it is somewhat similar to the "cloning". since cloning also involves copying of the repository.

   clones - it is copying of a remote repository onto our local repository. it is similar to forking.
            only difference that it is copied on a local machine.

   branches - branching is fundamentally different than both of the above concepts.
              it does not involves copying of any content. it is a concept of creating a parallel  commit history 
              alongside the master branch of our own or any other person's master branch to edit or add our changes to 
              their code. while the cloning & forking involves copying the entire content of someone else's repository.

   if i want a repository to be available on local repo i will be using cloning, if that is not needed then forking will be used to create a copy of repo without getting it on local machine.
   i will be using branch concept when i only want to make changes to the existing working code (although i am not clear about difference yet)
















