
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A. When we initialize a repository as a git repository a ".git" file is created in the directory which we want to track.
   
   We want to track the changes in the files inside the directory and we use git for that purpose.
   In order to track the files inside that directory, we have to inform git to start tracking the files inside 
   the directory. 
   The file inside the particular directory will be tracked only when a git repository is 
   initialized in that directory. this is done using "git init" command.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

A.Staging area contains the files which will form part of a commit.
  The difference between the repository & staging area is that repository contains all the previous commits 
  along with the latest commit while the staging area contains only the files that will form part of the latest
  commit in the repository. 
  it is not nesseccary that all files in the working directory be added to staging area
  every-time we need to make a commit. only those files are added which are changed or some valuable change is made.

  Staging area provides us the freedom to choose only those files which we think to be added to the commit


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A.In a working directory there may be many files which are tracked by the git. while working on the files i may make
  many logical changes in each files. if i commit all the files at once then there will be many logical changes that will be added in a single commit compared to previous commit.
  In oreder to make this task simple the staging area can help us. we can make only some files be part of the commit out
  of all the files in workng directory by using staging area. the files which we want to save in whcih we have made some logical changes is added to the staging area and then committed. in this way only those files form part of the commit which have been changed by us.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

A. when i want to try some experimental changes in the code which i don't want to be present in the main code i can use branch in such cases. I can safely experiemnt with the existing code without worrying about any unwanted changes getting added in the working main code. using bracnches i can edit the experimental changes safely and also i can save different versions of the file.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A. git has given us a powerfool tool in the form of a branch to make & experiment with our code efficiently
   using the concept of branch, i can access an older version of a file and make further changes into it.
   By drawing the diagrams i can understand how the commits are saved in the repository logically.
   i can clearly understand how the commits saved in the branches are different than that on the main branch 
   
checking the pull function   
   
